## TTPA Beta 1.0.6

### Features

  - Doodles now roam around with you!
    - Call your doodle from your friends list and it will follow you around 
      Toontown!
  - The Raccoon has begun her campaign!
    - Look for Raccoon by the trash can in Toontown Central, or Rigby out in the 
      field!
  - Donald's Dock tasks are now available!
    - Go to the HQ officers in the Donald's Dock playground to get your main 
      tasks!
    - The tasks will only be available after you have completed the Toontown 
      Central and Acorn Acres tasklines.
  - Mega invasions can now spawn.
  - V2.0 Cogs have gotten an overhaul on their mechanics!
    - After they become a skelecog, they will have half of their max health
    - However, their damage output will be 50% higher, so watch out!

### Tweaks

  - Added a few new words to the whitelist.
  - Clarified the Squirt prestige info.
  - Drastically reduce the amount of cogs spawning in mega invasions. (It's 
    still a LOT)
  - Buffed Drop gag damages to match the original Trap gag damages (180 for 
    Piano, 70 for safe, etc.)
  - Buffed Drop prestige to 20% instead of 10% (70% base accuracy instead of 
    60%)
  - Zap short circuit cap is now set to 500 again, from 350
  - Added in statistics for facilities completed
  - Added in achievements for facilities completed
  - The statistics page now has a page system

### Bugfixes

  - Fix a fishing exploit
  - Patch a chat vulnerability
  - Added in a few sanity check bans, regular players should not worry about 
    these, as they are not normally achievable.
  - Fix a bug with prestiged Drop getting perfect accuracy.
  - Fixed an issue with stats not persisting.